Containerized Docker Application Lifecycle - 06.4 (#10776)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/containerized-lifecycle-architecture/run-manage-monitor-docker-environments/monitor-containerized-application-services.md

### Setting up Application Insights to monitor Docker applications and Docker hosts

To create an Application Insights resource, follow the instructions in the articles presented in the list that follows. Azure portal will create the necessary script for you.

- **Monitor Docker applications in Application Insights:** \
  <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-insights/app-insights-docker>

- **Application Insights Docker image at Docker Hub and GitHub:** \
  <https://hub.docker.com/r/microsoft/applicationinsights/> and \
  <https://github.com/Microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Docker>

- **Set up Application Insights for ASP.NET web apps and ASP.NET Core:** \
  <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-insights/app-insights-asp-net>

- **Application Insights for web pages:**  
  <https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/application-insights/app-insights-javascript>

## Security, backup, and monitoring services

> There are many support chores with lots of details that you have to handle to ensure your applications and infrastructure are in top notch condition to support business needs, and the situation gets heavier in the microservices realm, so you need a way to have both high-level and detailed views when you need to take action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many support chores with lots of details that you have to handle to ensure your applications and infrastructure are in top notch condition to support business needs, and the situation becomes more complicated in the microservices realm, so you need a way to have both high-level and detailed views when you need to take action.
```

> Azure has the tools to manage an provide a unified view of four critical aspects of both your cloud and on-premises resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure has the tools to manage and provide a unified view of four critical aspects of both your cloud and on-premises resources:
```
